Add two-child limit post (#660)
PolicyEngine/policyengine-app: src/posts/repealing_the_two_child_limit.md

*[See the full, customisable impacts on PolicyEngine
here.](https://policyengine.org/uk/policy?focus=policyOutput.netIncome&reform=18304&region=uk&timePeriod=2023&baseline=1)*

## Summary

Introduced in 2017, the two-child limit in Universal Credit restricted
parents from receiving financial support for more than two children
(with children born before 2017 exempt). Using the PolicyEngine
microsimulation model, we estimate that [repealing it would cost £1.8
billion in
2023](https://policyengine.org/uk/policy?focus=policyOutput.netIncome&reform=18304&region=uk&timePeriod=2023&baseline=1),
rising to £2.8 billion in 2025 as non-exempt age cohorts replace exempt
children. The repeal would also lower absolute child poverty before
housing costs by 310,000 this year.

While the Cameron-led Conservative government introduced the two-child

> limit, last Sunday, Labour Party leader Sir Keir Starmer [confirmed that

Reviewer: update?

limit. Tom Clark, fellow at the Joseph Rowntree Foundation, [pointed to
a 1p increase in the higher rate of income tax as a possible
option](https://twitter.com/prospect_clark/status/1680875250542575618?s=20).
Given our higher net cost estimate for the two-child limit repeal, we
estimate this would leave £470m deficit (distributional impacts shown in
Figure 2).

![A graph of a graph showing the amount of income decile Description
automatically generated](/images/posts/repealing_the_two_child_limit/decile_chart.png)

*Figure 2: [the distributional impacts of funding the two-child limit
repeal with a 1p higher rate
increase.](https://policyengine.org/uk/policy?focus=policyOutput.decileRelativeImpact&reform=18067&region=uk&timePeriod=2023&baseline=1)*

PolicyEngine's microsimulation modelling is completely open-source. [See
the full analysis for the repeal on PolicyEngine
here.](https://policyengine.org/uk/policy?focus=policyOutput.decileRelativeImpact&reform=7226&region=uk&timePeriod=2023&baseline=1)
If you have feedback or questions on the results in this report, please
do [get in touch](mailto:hello@policyengine.org).

## Appendix: reconciling administrative and survey data

> When first estimating the impacts of this reform, we used our FRS-based

Reviewer: Suggest spelling out first time abbreviating
```suggestion
When first estimating the impacts of this reform, we used our Family Resources Survey-based
```
